[narrator] Previously on The Blacklist:
I'm not an errand boy.
I won't be ordered about.
[Rakitin] We'd like you
to make this go away.
[Sikorsky] We know about Keen.
What she's saying, that you're N-13.
[Raymond] Elizabeth's gone
and she's taken something of mine.
[Cooper] I suppose you also think
that she's responsible
for the Freelancer's release.
-[Raymond] There's more to the story.
-Where is he?
[Raymond] The work of a man
who disguises his killings
in the headlines of everyday tragedies.
[Cooper] The arrest that you made earlier,
Mason Dieterle.
[Park] He burned down
my friend's restaurant.
[Cooper] Just got off the phone with
the AUSA reviewing the case.
He told me that your friend
passed away from her injuries.
You promised me you wouldn't do anything.
I need to know,
did you break that promise?
[dramatic music playing]
No, sir.
We've been formulating those
binary structures you gave us.
I think we've done it.
We identified the exact structure
of the Novichok agent.
Pig, hog, runt...
sow...
boar.
My brother's mantra.
When he was a boy,
he collected glass pigs.
He knew everything there was
to know about them.
-Which side-group is this?
-Ethoxy.
It's more stable. Easier to spread.
Harder to detect
and lethal when it contacts the skin.
[pig squealing]
[man] This is ten times more potent
than VX.
If there's a deadlier nerve agent,
I'm not aware of it.
Call our buyer in Durrës.
Tell him the order's ready
and to expect delivery in 48 hours.
Pig, hog, runt, sow, boar.
[pensive music playing]
[chuckles]
The road not taken.
-Beauty school?
-Yes.
That young woman's great passion that
her single father just can't understand.
It pushes them apart.
But instead of insisting
that she understand him,
he enrolls in beauty school as well
and learns to better understand her.
I think you understand Elizabeth,
probably more than you want to.
Well, I'm not her father.
Maybe if I were,
I'd want to understand her even better.
Perhaps she wouldn't be
so determined to kill me.
[knocking on door]
-Morning.
-Good morning.
Coffee?
Please. Something smells delicious.
Meat and potato pie.
Dembe brought it back from Sarajevo.
You should try a slice.
Like all good things,
it's sinfully bad for you.
-You had a case?
-Yes, thanks to Dembe.
He brought home more than Bosnian Burek.
Elizabeth used an interpreter
to contract a bounty hunter.
-I found him in Sarajevo.
-An effective chap of ill repute.
Naturally, I assumed
the hunter's bounty was me.
Unfortunately, I was mistaken.
How is not being a target unfortunate?
Because each time I think Elizabeth
-won't go to a darker place, she does.
-Elizabeth wanted the bounty hunter
-to kill someone else?
-Not kill. Find.
Someone she wanted to work with.
Why is that so dark?
The person she's working with
brokers chemical weapons.
I don't believe that.
Her name is Mary Bremmer.
-I'm not familiar with that name.
-[Raymond] Neither was I.
The bounty hunter
was unable to locate her,
but he put together
a dossier for Elizabeth.
Dembe got a copy of it.
Why would she do this?
The same reason she worked to get
the Freelancer released from prison.
-You don't know that she did that.
-No.
But I know her endgame,
to break me and then kill me.
I think it's safe to assume
she's using the Freelancer
and Chemical Mary to accomplish that.
You think she's in business
with a mass murderer and a war criminal?
As I said, it's all... quite unfortunate.
On the bright side,
I'm going to have a meeting
with the Freelancer's
expensive new attorney.
Word on the street is that his client has
acquired identity papers, passports,
and that he's back to work.
[in French] I have the flight deck.
[Raymond] I want to know what he's doing.
We'll see what his attorney says.
The dossier on Bremmer.
It's incomplete
but it should give you a head start.
[dramatic music playing]
[cell phone rings]
[in English] Not a good time.
I'm doing it now.
This is it, Agent Keen.
Once your target is eliminated,
you and I are even.
[emotional music playing]
What you're doing is wrong.
You're only making things worse for Keen.
Agent Park, you can rest assured,
I've heard it all before.
It's a luxury to stand
on the moral high ground
and critique those of us
on the low ground.
A lot of people do exactly that...
until they need my help.
I'll never ask for your help.
[Aram] Mr. Cooper called.
We have got a case.
Okay.
Oh. Uh...
Is that about your friend?
I'm so sorry.
Me too.
It sounded like it might have been arson.
-Not "might." It was.
-Are there suspects?
[dramatic music playing]
There was, but he disappeared.
Have you talked to Mr. Reddington?
I mean, he can find anyone.
In this case, it might help, right?
I mean, if he found the arsonist, justice,
scales, balancing, that kind of thing.
But then on the down side,
you'd be in his debt and-- Ooh.
That's a record scratch through
your favorite song. Can you imagine?
What was it you said earlier?
That I'd never ask for your help.
No, that couldn't be it.
I mean, the irony, it's crushing.
No.
I can't imagine.
Of course you can't.
This is horrendous advice,
which you are clearly
way too smart to take.
Anyway, I'm really sorry
about your friend.
-Will you help?
-You're asking me to make it all go away?
Say it.
Make it go away.
And if I do this, you're aware
I may someday ask for a favor in return.
You may come to wish
you'd accepted the consequences
of your actions here instead.
Are we good?
-He has a video of me on his phone.
-Ah-ah-ah.
We'll take care of it,
like you were never here.
Reddington refers to her as Chemical Mary.
This ID is more than 15 years old
but it's the most recent photo we have.
[Aram] What we know is this,
Mary Bremmer is a former MIT professor
in Pathobiological Sciences
who was fired for
ethical misconduct in '02.
She questioned the appropriateness
of a chemical weapons ban,
reasoning that if nuclear weapons
are an acceptable deterrent to war,
why not sarin gas?
There's a market for that kind of crazy.
I assume she's found a way to monetize it.
Yeah, the CIA thinks so.
According to Langley,
Bremmer supplied the weaponry
for the chlorine car bomb massacre
in the Abu Sayda market.
As for the assassination of Kim Jong-nam,
Bremmer's role
is still being investigated.
-I know it doesn't seem possible.
-Because it's not possible.
Keen would never work
with someone like this.
[Park] No, Agent Keen wouldn't.
-But she's not an agent anymore.
-You don't know her.
Maybe that's why
I can see what's going on.
What's going on is hard on all of us.
The only way to find out
what's happening is to find Keen.
Finding Mary Bremmer
is our best hope of doing that.
Okay.
Intel placed Bremmer
in the Idlib province in 2013,
supplying sarin to Assad forces.
A NATO operation intercepted her convoy.
Bremmer's vehicle was overturned.
The shipment was stopped. Bremmer
escaped and hasn't been seen since.
Bremmer's security detail was killed,
except for one man, Ismael Aknoz.
[Cooper] Aknoz refused to give
any information on Bremmer,
but after eight years of
isolation in an F-Type prison in Ankara,
maybe he'll be ready to talk.
Ismael Aknoz? FBI. We'd like
to talk to you about Mary Bremmer.
[in Turkish] Americans.
Go home.
-This has been productive.
-We know you speak English.
[Aknoz in English]
You want Bremmer. So do I.
Nothing would give me
more happiness than to see her dead.
Help us find her
and we'd be happy to oblige you.
-Why do you want to see her dead?
-What difference does it make?
You were her partner in her convoy.
Why should we trust you?
It's her fault I'm here.
[Park] So she forced you
to transport chemical weapons?
We did not know
they were chemical weapons.
She told us we were
moving anti-tank missiles.
She lied to you, which is why
you're gonna help us.
Thank you. No.
I hate her, yes.
But Americans?
I hate you more.
We knew you spoke English because our
boss spoke with the Ministry of Justice.
You work with us and they agree
to move you out of isolation.
We're offering you a gift. No matter how
much you hate us, you should take it.
Your allied forces,
they could have stopped us that day.
Arrested us peacefully.
Instead, they set up an ambush
with an IED and started shooting.
Taking the weapons wasn't enough.
They wanted to make an example of us.
And to do that,
they were willing to slaughter us.
Take your gift and go.
[dramatic music playing]
[chuckles]
-Who let you in here?
-Your assistant.
Lovely fellow. Not very savvy.
Probably not best utilized
as the gatekeeper.
Perhaps better suited
to make coffee, chitchat.
I know who you are.
When you go on a business trip,
do you charge by the hour
while you're on the plane,
or in the car to the hotel?
Or how about when you're enjoying
the adult entertainment in your room?
Is your client paying
$1000 an hour for every hour
or minute that you masturbate?
My goodness,
and the world thinks I'm a criminal.
-What do you want?
-For Dick the Butcher to have succeeded.
Henry IV, Part 2.
Act four, scene two, you've heard it.
"The first thing we do,
let's kill all the lawyers."
You seem like an appropriately
loathsome place to start.
Luckily for you, I want to know
where Alban Veseli is
more than I want to sully my hands
or reputation by something so obvious
as disposing of you.
-I don't know where he is.
-But you know how to contact him.
-How do I know you won't kill me?
-Because you still have a debt to repay.
Elizabeth Keen paid you to represent
Veseli with money she stole from me.
I want it back.
-You want me to give you back my retainer.
-Plus interest.
There's the phone.
Tell Alban his life is in imminent danger,
that you can't discuss it over the phone
and set a meeting.
I think this qualifies as an emergency,
wouldn't you say, Scooter?
We're jetlagged. Maybe
we're not making ourselves clear.
-Aknoz was a dead end.
-I know he didn't say anything.
What part of "dead end"
don't you understand?
He may not have said anything,
but I think he told you a lot.
You have something?
I've been studying photos in the dossier.
The bodies in the Humvee,
what do they all have in common,
other than being really dead?
They're all burned.
-[Aram] You said Aknoz was too.
-[Ressler] That's what he told us.
-He was disfigured.
-[Cooper] Chemical burns?
No. I think there may
have been an incendiary in the IED.
That Humvee burned like a bonfire.
Bremmer escaped after the explosion.
If everyone else was burned,
it stands to reason that she was too.
If so, she couldn't have gotten far
without medical help.
Major burns like that will lead
to hypovolemic shock
without medical intervention.
It's a life-threatening condition.
[Cooper] Any physician giving her aid
would've turned her over.
[Park] So she found help outside
the medical community.
Dirtbag doctors without borders?
Sounds like a job for Reddington.
[Cooper] Reach out. See if he has
a medical contact who knows the area.
The flash drive you gave me,
I got it back from my friend at the NSA.
-Did he figure out the passcode?
-Please.
He's not that much smarter than me.
Sure, he knows pi out two more places,
but should one quinquadragintillion
really determine
who has to buy the wings on bridge night?
-I don't think so.
-He couldn't open it?
Not technically.
He couldn't read the data.
But he was able
to use a USB traffic sniffer
to see the operation commands, which bear
the signature of a known hacker.
She goes by Rakitin.
When I say "she,"
I don't mean she's a woman.
She could be, or a man.
I'm trying to alternate pronouns
instead of defaulting to the generic "he"
to represent a man or a woman.
Rakitin could be a he or a she.
-Or a "they."
-This is good.
We know who the hacker is,
but we need to find out
what he or she hacked.
And we won't know that
until you crack the passcode.
-I'm on it.
-Tell your NSA friend he did good work.
And buy hot wings for the month?
I don't think so.
And they know to call us right away?
Yes. They do.
The minute the Freelancer sets foot
on U.S. soil, we'll know.
Good morning.
Would you please tell Dr. Grundig
that Lloyd Wilke is here?
-Do you have an appointment?
-Mine is a lifetime appointment.
[both laughing]
-[door closes]
-Ah!
What a pleasant surprise.
Quite the environment you've created here.
I can't tell if I'm in a waiting room
or a gentlemen's club.
My mouth is positively watering
for a smokey single-malt
and a smooth-draw Tatuaje Fausto.
A good first impression is imperative
to setting the tone
for a satisfied experience.
[chuckles] My goodness.
How far you've come.
They used to call Mickey here
the Back Room Butcher.
If there was a cash payment involved,
he'd operate, no questions asked.
The break room could use
a pot of coffee. You mind?
There wasn't a procedure in the book
you wouldn't perform, or at least try to.
That was after they
stripped your license. Cocaine, was it?
But you kicked that and saved up
to buy a brand-new identity from me.
And look at you now!
Please. If any of this got out--
Well, it doesn't have to.
Listen, I'm looking for a woman
named Mary Bremmer.
Three years ago, she had a mishap
near the Syrian-Turkish border.
Suffered terrible burns,
requiring the kind of discreet
medical care you once provided.
I don't know her.
But I suspect you may know
the sawbones who treated her.
You want me to sell out another doctor?
Well, if it makes you feel any better,
the patient trades in chemical weapons.
She's a scourge on the human race.
Help me find her
and your past remains in the past.
I require a demonstration before I commit
such significant resources.
-I hope you don't mind.
-Not at all. I expected as much.
If one of your men would
retrieve the briefcase in my trunk.
[dramatic music playing]
Bujare. What is wrong?
-You asked for a demonstration.
-[grunting]
I'm giving you one.
[dramatic music playing]
Thanks to Mr. Reddington, we got the ID of
the physician who treated Mary Bremmer.
But in Turkey. It'll take months
to obtain a search and seizure.
Given his records may hold the key
to tracking a purveyor of banned weapons,
Main Justice authorized a shortcut
by working with Turkish intelligence.
Hacking his medical records.
[Park] You were right.
She was burned in the Humvee.
[Aram] Badly enough to require skin grafts
as well as prosthetics.
These photos were taken
within days of the incident,
but these were taken a year later.
-No wonder we couldn't find her.
-[Cooper] We ran her through Interpol.
What did it kick back?
[Mary] A single touch
or an inhaled droplet
disrupts the nerve signals
to his muscles, his heart and lungs.
In a matter of seconds,
breathing will not be an option.
Six nationalities. Six aliases.
[Aram] All active, but according
to passport control archives,
the last one she used was yesterday.
-In Paris.
-Madeleine Toussaint.
Remarkable. The delivery system?
One drop on the key fob was all it took.
Odorless, invisible,
lasts for days on any hard surface.
Or load it into a crop duster
and take out a town. It's up to you.
Killing's never been easier.
For the last nine months, Bremmer's
been living as Madeleine Toussaint
in the Batignolles district of Paris.
She has a cover job
as an engineer at a chemical plant.
Contact Interpol. Issue a Red Notice
for Bremmer's arrest and extradition.
-Let's get a team to Paris.
-I'll go.
-I need your help with that passcode.
-I could look for it in Paris.
Sidewalk café, pot of coffee,
couple of croissants.
[Cooper] I'm on my way to Capitol Hill
to ask about Rakitin.
I doubt I'll get traction
until you find out what's on that drive.
-That's a no on coffee and croissants.
-We'll say hi to Mona Lisa for you.
[Cooper] Thank you for taking the time.
Always happy to make time for the FBI.
Though, I am surprised. There was
no heads-up on what to talk about.
Please sit. Take a load off and tell me,
what is so hush-hush I get an
assistant director to make a house call?
A hacker who goes by the name Rakitin.
Never heard of him.
-Excuse me?
-Anything else?
I got an Elks Club
waiting to take a photo.
Congressman,
you chair the House Intel Committee.
I've read your report
on Russian cyber intrusion.
I know you know Rakitin.
What I know is your title.
What I don't know is what you do.
No one would tell me.
Yeah, I chair the intel committee.
But for some reason,
I can't get any intel on you.
-I run a classified task force.
-That's interested in Rakitin?
-Why would that surprise you?
-It doesn't. It troubles me.
Rakitin has friends in high places.
I want to make sure
I'm not talking to one.
I'm sorry, I'm completely confused.
Three weeks ago, the hard drive
on my committee's computer was hacked.
All the intel we had on Rakitin
was destroyed.
I had no idea.
My top staffer on the committee
disappeared the day it happened.
Vanished into thin air.
And she was a patriot.
A good person. But someone got to her.
If they got to her, maybe they got to you.
Maybe you're here to see
what I know about Rakitin.
And if I know too much, maybe you're
gonna want to erase my hard drive.
Here's a name and number.
Call it. Ask about me.
If you're satisfied with
what you hear... we can talk more.
If not...
-thank you.
-I'm sure it seems like I'm paranoid.
If we do talk, I'd like
to hear more about that hack.
I have some paranoia of my own
about who might have been behind it.
[Raymond] Rogelio, I hear you have news.
A location and the room number.
Ah...
A youth hostel. How unexpectedly romantic!
Is there anywhere
you don't have eyes and ears?
I got either a maid, a waiter, a waitress,
a busboy, or bellhop
in every corner of the city.
Thank you, my friend.
And please give my regards to Carlos.
Unfortunately, he's been deported again.
Your friend's tunnel
in Calexico has been shut down.
Oh, the goings-on at the border.
One side builds, the other shuts down.
They hide, they seek, they come, they go.
It's all so Tom and Jerry.
Yes, the tunnel is closed,
but the submarine is operational.
And for tracking down Alban Veseli,
it will always be at your disposal.
[Raymond] I once had a brief dustup
with an Armenian fellow
who took umbrage at my acquisition
of a pipeline outside Kajaran.
I tried to avoid him
by hiding out in a hostel.
-You tried. Did he find you?
-No.
But after three days of
communal showers, and curdled yogurt,
James Taylor wannabes,
I couldn't stand it anymore.
So I stole a backpack and a Fodors Guide
and hiked to Turkey
through the Armenian Highlands.
The Highlands. Mount Ararat.
Yes, and FYI, no ark.
Ah. Some things never change.
No cameras. No security.
Smart place to lay low.
Not here.
Ah.
Running in a towel never ends well.
Put on some pants and let's talk.
[Friedenberg] I did as you suggested.
Checked up on you with Cynthia Panabaker.
A straight arrow, if there was one.
She likes you.
-Does she, now?
-She said:
"He won't pee on your leg
and tell you it's raining."
[chuckles] Sounds like Cynthia.
You said you were
looking for information about Rakitin.
I'm curious
what your committee knows about him.
Not a lot, to be honest.
We don't have an ID.
Rakitin could be
an entire hacker group, for all we know.
He's using
a series of servers in Volgograd
and targeting some of
our most carefully guarded secrets.
Such as?
The identities of CIA assets in Yasenevo.
Their funding sources.
Hacks of our own
internal threat assessments.
-What does he do with this intel?
-There are a lot of theories.
NSA thinks he's a black-market profiteer.
CIA's convinced he's a turncoat.
And what do you think?
Have you ever heard of N-13?
Sleeper agent. A Russian asset
who vanished during the Cold War
and was never proven to exist.
A 30-year-old ghost story.
What if it's not?
What if that asset is here?
Not only active and deeply imbedded,
but maneuvering
within our intel community.
I don't know whose trust he has gained.
CIA, Defense Intelligence.
God forbid, the FBI.
But I think he's been here a long time.
Long enough, he's become one of us.
And he's using us.
You think Rakitin's
feeding active intel to N-13.
I do.
I'm the only man on this hill
who may believe
your ghost story about a Russian spy.
Go on.
We recently intercepted a thumb drive
containing sensitive intel
we believe was obtained by Rakitin.
I suspect he intended
to deliver that drive to N-13.
Why do you say that?
Did anything on the drive identify N-13?
Our source believes
it was intended
for someone on our Most Wanted list.
Well, your source,
he or she is way off base.
I'm telling you, N-13 is
buried deep within the U.S. government.
That said, I strongly
encourage you to follow up on it.
Based on what I know of Rakitin,
he and N-13 pose
an imminent threat to national security.
I must admit I'm surprised
you took this contract, Alban.
I'd never pretend to call us friends,
but we are professional associates.
It's a job.
Unbridled resentment,
is that what this is about?
You somehow blame me
for you going to prison?
-You are why I went to prison.
-No.
You went to prison because you were
caught doing a job I hired you to do.
Don't blame me
for your failed cut-and-run.
I've been in that box for seven years.
And now you're out
because of Elizabeth Keen.
That is why
you're aligned with her, isn't it?
You bear me resentment for your failure
and now you both want me dead.
[Alban] What's he worked up about?
Talk to me about Agent Keen.
Tell me where I can find her.
No idea.
[Dembe] Raymond.
[dramatic music playing]
You just flew in from Paris.
What were you doing there?
Taking a tour of the Temple de L'amour?
Strolling along the Canal Saint-Martin?
What do you think?
I was setting up the job.
-I have no plans to be in France.
-So?
How were you
going to carry out your contract?
What's wrong with him?
How were you going to kill me?
[chuckles] The contract's not on you.
Who were you hired to kill?
[Ressler] Madeleine Toussaint.
That's the name she's using.
This is the address she gave her employer.
If she's here,
we'll have to make an arrest.
-You can file for extradition afterward.
-We're just here for backup.
[knocking on door]
[in French] Where's Madeleine Toussaint?
What's going on?
We have an international
warrant for her arrest.
Madeleine's out of the country.
[officer] Who are you?
I'm her personal assistant.
I can call her if you'd like.
Stand back. We're coming inside.
How long have you worked for her?
A couple years?
-Where is she?
-[speaks in French]
She's visiting an aunt in Albania,
but she's flying back tonight.
[in English] She's visiting an aunt
in Albania. She'll be back later today.
[in French] I have Madeleine's number.
I'll call her right now,
and you can talk to her yourself.
-[Cooper] Gun!
-[grunting]
Hang on. We'll get help.
She's dead.
You know how much
I love "I told you so," Harold,
so I confirmed the fact from the source.
Elizabeth sprung the Freelancer
so she could engage his services.
I refuse to believe that. Alban Veseli
cloaks assassination in mass murder.
I don't care, Keen would
never use the Freelancer to kill you.
You're half right.
She didn't hire him to kill me.
She hired him to kill Chemical Mary.
-Mary Bremmer. Why?
-I'm not sure.
I'm hoping a slightly
more creative line of questioning
might persuade him to reveal his plan,
but one thing is clear,
it's already in motion.
[Cooper] Ressler's at
Bremmer's residence in Paris.
She's flying back from Albania today.
[Raymond] A transcontinental flight
filled with innocent passengers?
[Cooper] We're contacting airlines.
[in French] Excuse me. Is that yours?
-Are you flying to Paris?
-Yes, madam.
Me too.
Merci.
[Raymond] Move swiftly, Harold.
If Mary Bremmer boards that plane,
I'll bet you nickels to navy beans
the only way it comes down is in pieces.
[Cooper] We got a hit
on Bremmer's passports.
She's en route to France on Parisian Air.
We're ten minutes from Charles de Gaulle.
How long before she lands?
Half an hour, but we have to
assume that plane won't land.
There are 162 passengers onboard,
including families,
and he'll kill everyone.
I thought the Freelancer
-was going after Reddington.
-[Cooper] That's what we all thought.
The airline confirms Bremmer's
on the boarded-passenger manifest.
So Keen's taking out
a chemical arms trader,
but she's gonna waste a plane
full of passengers in the process?
Have the airport authorities prepare
rescue units, medics, the routine.
I've got the tower.
I've got air traffic control.
Call me when you're on site.
Copy that.
This is Harold Cooper,
assistant director of the FBI,
calling from Washington, D.C.
Stephan Gervais.
This is the supervisor. What's going on?
We have a threat
that someone's trying to bring down
Parisian Air flight 2419.
Really? How?
We don't know that yet, Stephan.
We need your help.
[Gervais on radio] Parisian Air 2419.
Are you currently experiencing
any problems or equipment malfunctions?
Negative, Tower.
Everything is showing normal.
[Gervais] Anything unusual
in your preflight checklist?
[pilot] Nothing. May I ask why?
Switch to discreet frequency 133.6.
What do you want me to tell them?
Should they be looking for a bomb?
The suspect engages in terrorist
activities disguised as accidents.
It's doubtful he'd use explosives.
He was on that plane.
Security has footage of him entering
the cabin along with the cleaning crew.
Tower, is there anything
we should be worried about?
We've begun our descent.
[Gervais] Stand by. One moment.
They just started their descent.
-The instrument panel.
-What about it?
Seven years ago, Veseli derailed a train
by making it hit a curve too fast.
Clear out!
He did that by rigging the two
speed-data sources in the cabin
to show the train traveling
at a slower speed than its actual rate.
Can your pilots check their controls
for signs of tampering?
Parisian Air 2419,
it's possible your controls
have been compromised.
Can you take a careful look?
Roger. Stand by, Tower.
[suspenseful music playing]
[copilot] There is a thumb drive.
We got something. Someone left
a thumb drive in the Data Loader.
There's a panel in the cockpit
for software and database updates.
Someone left a thumb drive.
Which could be corrupting their
instruments or running its own scripts.
-Oh, no.
-The plane's making its approach.
Are your tracking systems
showing anything unusual?
Our GPS system is based on information
transmitted to us from the aircraft.
If that plane isn't where it should be,
we would not know it.
That data stick wasn't left by accident.
It is a brute force attack.
Take it out!
Parisian Air 2419, remove the drive.
-I repeat, remove the drive.
-Copy, Tower.
-[instruments beeping]
-[automated voice] Warning! Warning!
[all yelling]
-Warning! Warning!
-Autopilot off.
-Flight directors off.
-Warning!
[dramatic music playing]
[beeping]
What's going on?
They're too low. Immediate right turn!
Heading 230!
-Traffic is directly in front of you!
-[pilot] I have control.
[pilot] Ladies and gentlemen, I'm sorry
for that sudden shift in altitude.
We obviously had an incident,
but we're safe and on course,
and we'll be landing shortly.
[all cheering]
What's happening? Are they dying?
No, sir. I believe
those are cries of celebration.
Tower, Parisian Air 2-4-1-niner.
We are clear of the traffic
and climbing to 8000.
We will begin our approach for landing.
Excuse me.
A passenger, Mary Bremmer?
That's it. That's everyone.
[Park] Are you sure?
Feel free to look,
but I checked the cabins.
There's no one on the plane.
[Cooper] Mary Bremmer
was never on that plane.
She made it to the airport,
but she was abducted outside.
[Raymond] What about
the passenger manifest?
You said it showed her onboard.
After Bremmer was taken,
a woman entered the terminal
with her passport and ticket,
which was slipped into the purse
of a passenger at the gate.
The unidentified woman left the terminal
and the passenger boarded
the flight as Bremmer.
This unidentified woman,
she look familiar to you?
These are the best images we could pull,
but yes, we believe it's Keen.
So Elizabeth conducted
an operatic performance.
Getting an assassin out of prison,
elaborately sabotaging
a commercial airliner,
only to snatch her target
from the jaws of death at the last second.
Perhaps she wanted the world to believe
Bremmer died in the crash.
To what end?
I can't fathom.
It's more likely Elizabeth wanted Bremmer
to think she saved her life.
Which would put Bremmer
in Elizabeth's debt.
Whatever they're working on,
we're gonna make it difficult.
Our people are combing through
Bremmer's flat
and ID'd a number of associates.
Teams are en route as we speak.
[man] Freeze! Freeze!
I still can't get over the fact
Elizabeth was willing
to let the Freelancer crash two planes.
I was holding out hope for her,
we all were. But now?
It seems she's past
the point of no return.
[man] FBI!
I'll try to leave the moralizing
to you, Harold.
In the meantime,
perhaps this will ease your pain.
Tell Donald to pay
a visit to this address.
[Cooper] What is this?
Your team worked very hard
to put the Freelancer behind bars
the first time around.
I think that's probably
the right place for him.
♪ It's a long way down ♪
Thank you for the Scotch.
[man] Whoa, whoa. Easy, bro.
The man in the hat
said the popo'd be here.
♪ It's a long way down ♪
Why does this feel like an empty victory?
Because this guy has no idea
what Keen's up to with Chemical Mary.
[Mary] Open this door right now!
I want to see her.
Where is she?
The woman!
I want to talk to her.
Do you hear me? [grunts]
Open this door right now!
I want to see her!
Angela is the one you were asking about.
She told me that Veseli was at the hostel.
Angela, I can't thank you enough.
I just have one question.
I need to know how you
came by this valuable information.
[in Spanish] It's all right, Angela.
You did nothing wrong.
[in English] It was a woman.
This woman?
[Angela] Ah...
I asked her how she knew
that I was looking for him.
She wouldn't say.
Gracias.
Oh, your cousin, Carlos,
I'm told he's somewhere
under the Gulf of Mexico as we speak.
Muchas gracias, Raymond.
If there's anything I can do for you--
You've done more than you know,
and all to the good.
Well, that's a load off.
Elizabeth wanted you
to find the Freelancer.
Yeah.
Knowing that when we did,
we'd work with the FBI to stop him
from crashing that plane.
So she hires a lawyer
to obtain Veseli's freedom,
pays Veseli to crash a plane,
uses the threat of that crash
to gain Chemical Mary's trust,
then gives us intel
to keep the plane from going down.
Sounds like one of your plans.
It does, doesn't it?
She may not be interested
in crashing a plane,
but she's still in business
with a war criminal.
Tomorrow's problem.
Tonight, we savor the small victory.
And we should tell Edward to fuel the jet.
We need to pay
our friend in Moscow a visit.
[phone keypad beeping]
[Aram] Hi. Sir.
Sorry to-- It's late.
And, uh... you're drinking alone.
Which is fine, I mean, I can--
-What is it?
-Good news on the passcode.
-You cracked it.
-What? Oh.
Uh, no. That would be great news,
like miraculously great.
No. The good news is
I figured out how to crack it.
With this.
I don't think Rakitin
chose a steel flash drive
to protect his software.
If I'm right, there's a capacitive scanner
hidden in the flash drive.
It is the best security platform
in password-less identification.
There's no password.
It's biometric.
That's where this comes in.
Get the print.
Put it in. And... [whistles]
open sesame.
Or, you know, some less
politically incorrect exclamation.
-So all I need is a fingerprint.
-Yeah.
And that is where the miracle comes in.
Figuring out whose print to use.
Thank you, Aram.
Here's hoping for a miracle.
[dramatic music playing]
Raymond.
[in Russian] Sit down.
Warm up.
[Raymond in Russian] Thank you.
To health.
[Sikorsky in English]
Thank you for coming.
We have much to discuss.
I am told Rakitin is in play.
My safety deposit box was compromised.
-The flash drive I entrusted you with?
-I'm still looking for it.
No doubt we have Elizabeth Keen
to thank for it going missing.
My position in regard to her
has not changed.
[Sikorsky] I understand.
She is untouchable.
But you must understand,
Harold Cooper is not.
[suspenseful music playing]
Well, miracles never cease.
If he gains access to the Rakitin files,
you'll have to eliminate him.
I understand.
[dramatic music playing]